Add Ceres products to SORA docs (#225)
sora-xor/sora-docs: src/ceres/liquidity-locker.md

---
title: "Liquidity Locker | SORA Docs"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: "Ceres Liquidity Locker is a decentralized application that brings more transparency and security to the Dotsama ecosystem."
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: "Ceres, DeFi, liquidity locker, Polkaswap, SORA network"
---

# Ceres Liquidity Locker

> [Ceres Liquidity Locker](https://dapps.cerestoken.io/liquidity_locker) is a decentralized application that brings more transparency and security to the Polkaswap and SORA/Polkadot ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Ceres Liquidity Locker](https://dapps.cerestoken.io/liquidity_locker) is a decentralized application that brings more transparency and security to Polkaswap and the SORA and Polkadot ecosystems.
```

> Project teams are able to lock their tokens liquidity and ensure that it cannot be pulled out for some period giving investors proof of security and seriousness of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project teams can lock their token's liquidity and ensure that it cannot be removed/drained for a determined period, giving investors proof of the project's security and legitimacy.
```
